Support building a jar (#933)
pyregence/pyregence: README.org

sudo less +G /var/log/nginx/error.log
#+end_src

*** JAR

To build a JAR run:

#+begin_src sh
clj -X:build-uberjar
#+end_src

This will produce a uberJAR located at  target/pyregence-<date>-<commit>-standalone.jar which depends only
on a config.edn, java and psql. The JAR's cli actions are available through ~java -jar~:

#+begin_src sh :results raw
java -jar target/pyregence-*
#+end_src

> But the current notable actions are running the server and the build-db functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current notable actions are running the server and the build-db functionality. For more fine grained documentation please refer to https://github.com/sig-gis/triangulum
```
